New CreateEdit documentation (#7424)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Inputs.md

|-----------------| -------- |---------------------------| ------- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `source`        | Required | `string`                  | -       | Name of the entity property to use for the input value                                                                                                              |
| `label`         | Optional | `string`                  | -       | Input label. In i18n apps, the label is passed to the `translate` function. Defaults to the humanized `source` when omitted. Set `label={false}` to hide the label. |
| `defaultValue`  | Optional | `any`                     | -       | Default value of the input. |

> | `validate`      | Optional | `Function` &#124; `array` | -       | Validation rules for the current property. See the [Validation Documentation](./CreateEdit.md#validation) for details.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate`      | Optional | `Function` &#124; `array` | -       | Validation rules for the current property. See the [Validation Documentation](./Validation.md#per-input-validation-built-in-field-validators) for details.                                              |
```
